Woo, animations!
It's like Hypr, but better.
Release 1.0 when?
It's not awesome, it's Hyprland!
"I commit too often, people can't catch up lmao" - Vaxry
This text is random.
"There are reasons to not use rust." - Boga
Read the wiki.
"Hello everyone this is YOUR daily dose of ‘read the wiki’" - Vaxry
h
"‘why no work’, bro I haven't hacked your pc to get live feeds yet" - Vaxry
Compile, wait for 20 minutes, notice a new commit, compile again.
To rice, or not to rice, that is the question.
Now available on Fedora!
"Hyprland is so good it starts with a capital letter" - Hazel
"please make this message a splash" - eriedaberrie
"the only wayland compositor powered by fried chicken" - raf
"This will never get into Hyprland" - Flafy
"Hyprland only gives you up on -git" - fazzi
Segmentation fault (core dumped)
"disabling hyprland logo is a war crime" - vaxry
some basic startup code
"I think I am addicted to hyprland" - mathisbuilder
Thanks Brodie!
Thanks fufexan!
Thanks raf!
You can't use --splash to change this message :)
Hyprland will overtake Gnome in popularity by [insert year]
Designed in California - Assembled in China
"something <time here> and still no new splash" - snowman
My name is Land. Hypr Land. One red bull, shaken not stirred.
"Glory To The Emperor" - raf
Help I forgot to install kitty
Go to settings to activate Hyprland
Why is there code??? Make a damn .exe file and give it to me.
Hyprland is not a window manager!
Can we get a version without anime girls?
Check out quickshell!
A day without Hyprland is a day wasted
By dt, do you mean damage tracking or distrotube?
Made in Poland
"I use Arch, btw" - John Cena
"Hyper".replace("e", "")
"my win11 install runs hyprland that is true" - raf
"stop playing league loser" - hyprBot
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it" - Lucascito_03
"@vaxry how do i learn c++" - flicko
Join the discord server!
Thanks ThatOneCalculator!
The AUR packages always work, except for the times they don't.
Funny animation compositor woo
4 years!
Beauty will save the world
Get good
Configration
RIP hyprlang
better call vaxry
i hypr therefore i land
five. hundred. config errors.
bundled with anime girls for your convenience
now with 200% more hypr and land
daily dose of rice
Removed Herobrine
You should try quickshell!
He was an X11 boy, she was a Wayland girl...
How do I exit vim????
Now with lua, it might as well be awesome.
Have you ran your daily fastfetch yet?
